You said wait until I become Mrs. Gu
Maybe I can give you a little
I heard the news that you are Mrs. Gu
To be mine too
You are so ugly that Gu can always look up to you
You give me you let go of me let go
It smells like wine.
Did you go to the wrong room?
Play hard to get
Enough wine
Take the initiative and I'll give you more.
Mr. Gu, you misunderstood.
I'm here to pay you back
More and more interesting
Could it be that I really misunderstood him?
Li Nian
How can you drop the chain at a critical moment?
It will be difficult to approach him next time.
How are you doing today?
I'm much better, don't worry.
Don't come here if you get off work so late every day
I can do it myself.
It's okay to sleep here
I sleep in peace, sister
The doctor said
That imported medicine is too expensive.
Why don't we change it to something ordinary? It's alright.
If it is more expensive, it will be more expensive.
As long as the effect is good
sister
What kind of job did you find?
You don't have to worry about that.
Just rest well.
Have to look for it again
Gu Yiming
Don't back down this time